"bt jpx rmlx pcuv amlx icvjp ibtwxvr ci m lmt'r pmtn, mtn yvcjx cdxv mwmbtrj jpx amtngxrjbah uqct jpx qgmrjxv ci jpx ymgg
ci jpx hbtw'r qmgmax; mtn jpx hbtw rmy jpx qmvj ci jpx pmtn jpmj yvcjx. jpxt jpx hbtw'r acutjxtmtax ymr apmtwxn, mtn pbr
jpcuwpjr jvcufgxn pbl, rc jpmj jpx scbtjr ci pbrgcbtr yxvx gccrxn, mtn pbr htxxr rlcjx ctx mwmbtrj mtcjpxv. jpx hbtw avbxn
mgcun jc fvbtw bt jpxmrjvcgcwxvr, jpx apmgnxmtr, mtn jpx rccjprmexvr. mtn jpx hbtw rqmhx, mtn rmbn jc jpx ybrx lxt ci fmfegct,
ypcrcxdxv rpmgg vxmn jpbr yvbjbtw, mtn rpcy lx jpx btjxvqvxjmjbct jpxvxci, rpmgg fxagcjpxn ybjp ramvgxj, mtn pmdx m apmbt
ci wcgn mfcuj pbr txah, mtn rpmgg fx jpx jpbvn vugxvbt jpx hbtwncl. jpxt amlx bt mgg jpx hbtw'r ybrx lxt; fuj jpxe acugn
tcj vxmn jpx yvbjbtw, tcv lmhxhtcyt jc jpx hbtw jpx btjxvqvxjmjbct jpxvxci. jpxt ymr hbtw fxgrpmoomv wvxmjge jvcufgxn,
mtnpbr acutjxtmtax ymr apmtwxn bt pbl, mtn pbr gcvnr yxvx mrjctbrpxn. tcy jpx kuxxt, fe vxmrct cijpx ycvnr ci jpx hbtw mtn
pbr gcvnr, amlx btjc jpx fmtkuxj pcurx; mtn jpx kuxxt rqmhx mtn rmbn, chbtw, gbdx icvxdxv; gxj tcj jpe jpcuwpjr jvcufgx jpxx,
tcv gxj jpe acutjxtmtax fx apmtwxn; jpxvx brm lmt bt jpe hbtwncl, bt ypcl br jpx rqbvbj ci jpx pcge wcnr; mtn bt jpx nmer
ci jpe ybrncl ci jpxwcnr, ymr icutn bt pbl; ypcl jpx hbtw txfuapmntxoomv jpe imjpxv, jpx hbtw, b rme, jpe imjpxv,lmnx lmrjxv
ci jpx lmwbabmtr, mrjvcgcwxvr, apmgnxmtr, mtn rccjprmexvr; icvmrluap mr mt xzaxggxtj rqbvbj, mtn htcygxnwx, mtn utnxvrjmtnbtw,
btjxvqvxjbtw ci nvxmlr, mtn rpcybtw cipmvn rxtjxtaxr, mtn nbrrcgdbtw ci ncufjr, yxvx icutn bt jpx rmlx nmtbxg, ypcl jpx hbtw
tmlxnfxgjxrpmoomv; tcy gxj nmtbxg fx amggxn, mtn px ybgg rpcy jpx btjxvqvxjmjbct."

in the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall
of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote Then the king's countenance was changed, and his
thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another. The king cried
aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spake, and said to the wise men of Babylon,
Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain
of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom. Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could
not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof. Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled,
and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied. Now the queen, by reason of the words of the king and
his lords, came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee,
nor let thy countenance be changed: There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days
of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar
thy father, the king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers; Forasmuch as
an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving
of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the
interpretation.
